Demos hub (#133)
PennyLaneAI/qml: demonstrations.rst

.. raw:: html

    <style>
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
        }
    </style>

> Demos
> =========

Author: ```suggestion
Demos
=====
```

.. meta::
   :property="og:description": Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms using PennyLane and near-term quantum hardware.
   :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/demos_card.png

.. raw:: html

    <link href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mdbootstrap/4.8.10/css/mdb.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <div class="container">
        <!-- Section: Features v.1 -->
            <p class="lead grey-text text-center mx-auto mb-5">
            Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms using PennyLane and near-term quantum hardware.</p>

        <section class="my-5">
            <div class="row justify-content-center" id="main-cards">
                <div class="col-lg-3 mb-5">
                    <a href="demos_basics.html">
                    <div class="card rounded-lg">

>                         <div class="text-center d-flex align-items-center pb-2">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        <div class="text-center d-flex align-items-center pb-2" style="justify-content: center;">
```

                            <div>
                                <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/board.png" class="img-fluid" style="max-width: 88px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                <strong>Basics</strong>
                                </h3>
                                <p class="mb-1 grey-text px-3">Begin your journey into quantum machine learning using PennyLane.</p>
                                <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </a>
                </div>
                <div class="col-lg-3 mb-5">
                    <a href="demos_research.html">
                    <div class="card rounded-lg">

>                         <div class="text-center d-flex align-items-center pb-2">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        <div class="text-center d-flex align-items-center pb-2" style="justify-content: center;">
```

                            <div>
                                <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/research.png" class="img-fluid" style="max-width: 88px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                <strong>Research</strong>
                                </h3>
                                <p class="mb-1 grey-text px-3">Explore cutting-edge research in quantum machine learning using PennyLane.</p>
                                <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </a>
                </div>
                <div class="col-lg-3 mb-5">
                    <a href="demos_community.html">
                    <div class="card rounded-lg">

>                         <div class="text-center d-flex align-items-center pb-2">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        <div class="text-center d-flex align-items-center pb-2" style="justify-content: center;">
```

                        </div>
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="demos/tutorial_data_reuploading_classifier.html">
                        <div class="card">
                          <img class="card-img-top img-fluid" src="_static/thumbs/universal_dnn.png" alt="Card image cap">
                          <div class="card-body">
                            <h4 class="card-title">Data re-uploading classifier</h4>
                            <p class="card-text">A universal single-qubit quantum classifier using the idea of 'data re-uploading' by Pérez-Salinas et al. (2019), akin to a single hidden-layered neural network.</p>
                          </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="demos/tutorial_vqe.html">
                        <div class="card">
                          <img class="card-img-top img-fluid" src="_static/thumbs/pes_h2.png" alt="Card image cap">
                          <div class="card-body">
                            <h4 class="card-title">Doubly stochastic gradient descent</h4>

>                             <p class="card-text">Calculate the ground-state energy of the hydrogen molecule by sampling from terms in the VQE Hamiltonian, getting the doubly stochastic gradient descent.</p>

Author: I removed the "getting the doubly stochastic gradient descent"; I agree that it doesn't make sense. I think it looks fine just keeping the first part though (without adding anything else to the descriptions). @co9olguy @josh146

>                             <p class="card-text">Calculate the ground-state energy of the hydrogen molecule by sampling from terms in the VQE Hamiltonian, getting the doubly stochastic gradient descent.</p>

Reviewer: yup, I was thinking of suggesting that

.. raw:: html

    <style>
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
        }
    </style>

> QML Demos

Author: ```suggestion
Demos
```

                          <div class="card-body">
                            <h4 class="card-title">Quantum natural gradient</h4>
                            <p class="card-text">Achieve faster optimization convergence using the quantum natural gradient.</p>
                          </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="demos/tutorial_qaoa_maxcut.html">
                        <div class="card">
                          <img class="card-img-top" src="_static/thumbs/qaoa_maxcut_partition.png" alt="Card image cap">
                          <div class="card-body">
                            <h4 class="card-title">QAOA for MaxCut</h4>
                            <p class="card-text">Implement the QAOA algorithm using PennyLane to solve the MaxCut problem.</p>
                          </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="demos/tutorial_embeddings_metric_learning.html">
                        <div class="card">

>                           <img class="card-img-top" src="_static/thumbs/training.png" alt="Card image cap">

Reviewer 2: This image doesn't show up in the featured demo carousel, the file seems to no longer be in this branch (at least not in that specific directory). Should it link to a different image?

Author: Oh, good catch @glassnotes! I'm not sure why the image is not there. It's created locally for me (and I think it should be generated when building the demos). I'll look into it, although @josh146 might already know why this is?

Reviewer 3: Oh, I believe this is because this demo has been temporarily taken down in #137. It will need to be removed from the carousel (potentially replaced with something else)

Author: Oh, right. I forgot about that.Thanks for reminding me @josh146 and thanks @glassnotes for noticing it. :tada:

                                <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/community.png" class="img-fluid" style="max-width: 105px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                <strong>Community</strong>
                                </h3>
                                <p class="mb-1 grey-text px-3">Find out how the principles of quantum computing and machine learning can be united to create something new.</p>
                                <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </a>
                </div>
            </div>

            <blockquote class="blockquote border rounded ">
                <p class="mb-0 text-muted text-center">
                    Do you want to make you're own demo using PennyLane? Read
                    the guidelines and submission instructions <a href="demos_submission.html">here</a>, and have
                    your demo featured on our community page.
                </p>

>             </blockquote>

Reviewer 3: This looks really nice!

   :property="og:description": Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms using PennyLane and near-term quantum hardware.
   :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/demos_card.png

.. raw:: html

    <link href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mdbootstrap/4.8.10/css/mdb.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <div class="container">
        <!-- Section: Features v.1 -->
            <p class="lead grey-text text-center mx-auto mb-5">
            Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms using PennyLane and near-term quantum hardware.</p>

        <section class="my-5">
            <div class="row justify-content-center" id="main-cards">
                <div class="col-lg-3 mb-5">
                    <a href="demos_basics.html">
                    <div class="card rounded-lg">
                        <div class="text-center d-flex align-items-center pb-2">
                            <div>
                                <h3 class="card-title">

>                                 <img src="_static/board.png" class="img-fluid" style="max-width: 88px;"></img>

Reviewer 4: This icon feels a little like the "What is QML" one - are there any candidate alternatives? If not, then I think it's ok

Author: Yes, agreed. I took the images from the already existing image folder, and these were the best I could find (that didn't seem to be used as obviously in other places). I would be happy to put other, new images for all three cards, although I'm not very keen on creating them myself (will probably not look very good).

I would reckon it's OK to keep these for now and then perhaps in the future do a more thorough update of images on the website? Not sure exactly how we wish to proceed here. @josh146 @mariaschuld @glassnotes

Reviewer 3: Yep, there aren't any pre-existing alternatives --- we would have to make more. I'm happy to leave this as-is until we have new icons/images.

                                <br>
                                <strong>Basics</strong>
                                </h3>
                                <p class="mb-1 grey-text px-3">Find out how the principles of quantum computing and machine learning can be united to create something new.</p>

>                                 <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>

Author: Oh noes! Thanks for catching this. :facepalm:

                </div>
                <div class="col-lg-3 mb-5">
                    <a href="demos_community.html">
                    <div class="card rounded-lg">
                        <div class="text-center d-flex align-items-center pb-2">
                            <div>
                                <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/community.png" class="img-fluid" style="max-width: 105px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                <strong>Community</strong>
                                </h3>
                                <p class="mb-1 grey-text px-3">Find out how the principles of quantum computing and machine learning can be united to create something new.</p>
                                <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </a>
                </div>
            </div>

            <blockquote class="blockquote border rounded ">
                <p class="mb-0 text-muted text-center">

>                     Do you want to make you're own demo using PennyLane? Read

Reviewer 4: What about making this another card? E.g. we have
- Basics
- Research
- Community
- Submit

>                     Do you want to make you're own demo using PennyLane? Read

Reviewer 3: I don't know, I prefer the look of the current 'call to arms' below the three main cards.

            <h2 class="text-center mx-auto my-0">Featured</h2>

            <ul class="light-slider" id="featured-demos">
                <li>
                    <a href="demos/tutorial_quantum_transfer_learning.html">
                        <div class="card">
                          <img class="card-img-top img-fluid" src="_static/thumbs/transfer_images.png" alt="Card image cap">
                          <div class="card-body">
                            <h4 class="card-title">Quantum transfer learning</h4>
                            <p class="card-text">Learn how to apply a machine learning method, known as transfer learning, to a hybrid classical-quantum image classifier.</p>
                          </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="demos/qgrnn.html">
                        <div class="card">
                          <img class="card-img-top img-fluid" src="_static/thumbs/qgrnn_thumbnail.png" alt="Card image cap">
                          <div class="card-body">
                            <h4 class="card-title">The quantum graph recurrent neural network</h4>

>                             <p class="card-text">Using a quantum graph recurrent neural network to learn quantum dynamics</p>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
                            <p class="card-text">Use a quantum graph recurrent neural network to learn quantum dynamics</p>
```

                          </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="demos/tutorial_quantum_natural_gradient.html">
                        <div class="card">
                          <img class="card-img-top" src="_static/thumbs/qng_optimization.png" alt="Card image cap">
                          <div class="card-body">
                            <h4 class="card-title">Quantum natural gradient</h4>
                            <p class="card-text">Faster optimization convergence using quantum natural gradient.</p>
                          </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="demos/tutorial_qaoa_maxcut.html">
                        <div class="card">
                          <img class="card-img-top" src="_static/thumbs/qaoa_maxcut_partition.png" alt="Card image cap">
                          <div class="card-body">
                            <h4 class="card-title">QAOA for MaxCut</h4>

>                             <p class="card-text">Perform QAOA for MaxCut.</p>

Reviewer 4: Maybe we should have e.g., a target of two sentences for each box to make them more comparable

>                             <p class="card-text">Perform QAOA for MaxCut.</p>

Author: I think that sounds good. I actually only took the text from the hover box of the cards, while I probably should've rewritten them to fit the cards better.

   :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/demos_card.png

.. raw:: html

    <link href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mdbootstrap/4.8.10/css/mdb.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <div class="container">
        <!-- Section: Features v.1 -->
            <p class="lead grey-text text-center mx-auto mb-5">
            Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms using PennyLane and near-term quantum hardware.</p>

        <section class="my-5">
            <div class="row justify-content-center" id="main-cards">
                <div class="col-lg-3 mb-5">
                    <a href="demos_basics.html">
                    <div class="card rounded-lg">
                        <div class="text-center d-flex align-items-center pb-2">
                            <div>
                                <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/board.png" class="img-fluid" style="max-width: 88px;"></img>
                                <br>
                                <strong>Basics</strong>
                                </h3>

>                                 <p class="mb-1 grey-text px-3">Begin your journey into PennyLane and quantum machine learning.</p>

Reviewer 3: This card is slightly 'shorter' (in height) than the other cards. This could be fixed by adding a couple of extra words into the description, or perhaps better to simply modify the CSS to make them all the same height?

>                                 <p class="mb-1 grey-text px-3">Begin your journey into PennyLane and discover the wonders of quantum machine learning.</p>

Author: ```suggestion
                                <p class="mb-1 grey-text px-3">Begin your journey into quantum machine learning with PennyLane.</p>
```

                          </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="demos/tutorial_vqt.html">
                        <div class="card">
                          <img class="card-img-top" src="_static/thumbs/thumbnail.png" alt="Card image cap">
                          <div class="card-body">
                            <h4 class="card-title">The variational quantum thermalizer</h4>
                            <p class="card-text">Learn about the variational quantum thermalizer algorithm, an extension of VQE.</p>
                          </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="demos/tutorial_rosalin.html">
                        <div class="card">
                          <img class="card-img-top" src="_static/thumbs/rosalin_thumb.png" alt="Card image cap">
                          <div class="card-body">
                            <h4 class="card-title">Frugal shot optimization with Rosalin </h4>

>                             <p class="card-text">Optimize variational quantum algorithms with a minimized number of shots by using the Rosalin optimizer.</p>

Reviewer 3: The new descriptions are great!

Author: @trbromley I can do that, but I'm guessing it's something that was put there on purpose. Do you think it's better without the zooming-in-when-hovering? @josh146?

Reviewer 3: I'm happy for it to be removed! The only reason it's there is I thought it looked cool 😆 But I have no great attachment to it.

                                <br>
                                <strong>Basics</strong>
                                </h3>

>                                 <p class="mb-1 grey-text px-3">Begin your journey into PennyLane and discover the wonders of quantum machine learning.</p>

Reviewer: :facepalm: :laughing:

Author: Perhaps not the best wording... any other suggestions? :laughing:

Reviewer 3: 'Begin your journey into quantum machine learning with PennyLane'? 🤔

>                                 <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>

Reviewer 2: Does this mis-alignment happen for anyone else when viewing in a narrower window? (Screencap is from Firefox on Linux).

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2068515/94062376-95f4a400-fdb4-11ea-9078-e9bd191da83e.png)

Reviewer 3: This occurs for me as well. This is an artifact of me designing the website and using only a maximized Firefox window and a mobile phone screen for testing 🤦 @co9olguy has a list of rendering issues and bugs that occur with windows of width ~700px

Reviewer: Yes, the "reduced browser window" blind spot has led to a few small glitches, but I hadn't noticed this one before, thanks @glassnotes!
